doc/cloud: document managed SMTP (#45364)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

  - Holding ongoing brown bag lunches to introduce new feature releases
  - Advice and templates on how to introduce Sourcegraph to your engineering organization

### Managed SMTP

> NOTE: This feature is currently undergoing a staged rollout.

All Sourcegraph Cloud instances are provisioned with a Sourcegraph-managed SMTP server through a [third-party provider](https://about.sourcegraph.com/terms/subprocessors) for transactional email delivery. Email capabilities power features like:

- [Code Monitoring](../code_monitoring/index.md) notifications
- Inviting other users to a Sourcegraph instance, or to an organization/team on a Sourcegraph instance
- For [`builtin` authentication](../admin/auth/index.md#builtin-password-authentication), password resets and email verification

> To opt out of managed SMTP, please let your Sourcegraph's Customer Support team know when requesting a trial. You can also opt out by [overriding the managed `email.address` and `email.smtp` configuration with your own in site configuration](../admin/config/email.md).

Reviewer: please let your Sourcegraph's ~Customer Support~ Account team

Author: ```suggestion
To opt out of managed SMTP, please let your Sourcegraph Account team know when requesting a trial. You can also opt out by [overriding the managed `email.address` and `email.smtp` configuration with your own in site configuration](../admin/config/email.md).
```
